Zhao Family Zhao Wuji is here
Who dares to look down on my Zhao family, Mr. Zhao?
It's them who talk wildly
I was bullying your sister just now, hey, hey.
Sister, I finally found you.
I am your third brother
third brother
I have been bullied miserably by them in the Lu family these years
If you had come a little later, you would not have seen me.
Dare to bully my sister of Zhao Wuji
I want his family to be buried with him
In front of Peerless Supreme
Who dares to be presumptuous
What is Peerless Supreme?
In the opinion of our Zhao family
Just a nouveau riche
Our Zhao family has been passed down for a hundred years before we are the real nobles
Third brother, teach them a lesson